1,"off duty","Law enforcement officers are never 'off duty.' They are dedicated public servants who are sworn to protect public safety at any time and place that the peace is threatened. They need all the help they can get.","Barbara Boxer"
1,"gray","Police officers may drive black and white cars, however what goes on in their job is a lot of gray.","Arik Matson"
1,"principle","In keeping people straight, principle is not as powerful as a policeman.","Abel Hermant"
1,"observance","I sometimes wish that people would put a little more emphasis upon the observance of the law than they do upon its enforcement.","Calvin Coolidge"
1,"college","Go to college. Get an education. Understand the law, the profession and our constitution so you understand your responsibility to the people who trust you and are granted – and stay true to it","Sheriff Dave Brown"
1,"organized","It's about time law enforcement got as organized as organized crime. ","Rudolph Giuliani"
1,"poverty","Poverty is the mother of crime.","Marcus Aurelius"
1,"kind of criminal","Every society gets the kind of criminal it deserves. What is equally true is that every community gets the kind of law enforcement it insists on.","Robert Kennedy"
1,"undercover","Some of the bravest and the best men of all the world, certainly in law enforcement, have made their contributions while they were undercover.","Thomas Foran"
1,"pizza","I never been in no cell that had a phone in it. Can I stay for a while, 'cause I ordered some pizza.","Eddie Murphy as Axel Foley (Beverly Hills Cop, 1984)"
1,"whip","I swear to God I'm going to pistol whip the next guy who says “Shenanigans.”","Brian Cox as Captain O'Hagan (Super Troopers, 2001)"
1,"I'm a cop","I'm a cop you idiot! I'm detective John Kimble!","Arnold Schwarzenegger as Det. John Kimble (Kindergarten Cop, 1990)"
1,"five shots","I know what you're thinking. 'Did he fire six shots or only five?' Well, to tell you the truth, in all this excitement, I kind of lost track myself. But being as this is a .44 Magnum, the most powerful handgun in the world, and would blow your head clean off, you've got to ask yourself a question. 'Do I feel lucky?' Well, do ya, punk?","Clint Eastwood as Harry (Dirty Harry, 1971)"
1,"I am the police","I am the police, and I'm here to arrest you. You've broken the law. I did not write the law. I may even disagree with the law but I will enforce it. No matter how you plead, cajole, beg or attempt to stir my sympathies, nothing you do will stop me from placing you in a steel cage with gray bars. If you run away I will chase you. If you fight me I will fight back. If you shoot at me I will shoot back. By law I am unable to walk away. I am a consequence. I am the unpaid bill. I am fate with a badge and a gun. Behind my badge is a heart like yours. I bleed, I think, I love, and yes I *can* be killed. And although I am but one man, I have thousands of brothers and sisters who are the same as me. They will lay down their lives for me, and I them. We stand watch together. The thin-blue-line, protecting the prey from the predators, the good from the bad. We are the police.","Jake Gyllenhaal as Brian Taylor (End of Watch, 2012)"
1,"too old","I'm too old for this shit!","Danny Glover as Roger Murtaugh (Lethal Weapon, 1987)"
